You see?
We are Daxia people
It is the descendant of the champion of martial arts
Although we are poor
But we have the backbone of the champion
Know what national justice is
What is the word loyalty and filial piety?
Today you are giving us more good.
More money.
Don't even think about it.
Yes, we are poor
But we are poor and have backbone
Do you think
We will all follow you as a running pheasant
Is it the same? In pursuit of glory and wealth
Abandon husband and daughter
Bunch of idiots
Fight us for this bargain
Simply stupid
Ladies and gentlemen
You believe me.
I won't let you down.
My grades will come out in 10 seconds
I'm sure to win the championship
Give the villagers a satisfactory answer
Good girl, we will gamble with you.
We won the bet and we made it big
If you lose the bet, you can bear it together